Jason%20Mraz
rock
Did you get my message? The one I left
While I was trying to condense everything
That I meant in a minute or less when I called to confess
And make all of my stresses go bye-bye
Did you get my message? You didn't, I guess
'Cuz if you did, you would have called me with your sweet intent
And we could give it a rest, 'stead of beating my breast
And makin' all of the pressure go sky-high
Do you ever wonder what happens to the words that we send
Do they bend? Do they break from the flight that they take
And come back together again? With a whole new meaning
And a brand new sense completely unrelated to the one I sent
Did you get my message?
Oh, did you get my message
Oh, did you get my message, yeah?
Uh oh, where did it go? Must have bypassed your phone
And flown right outta the window
Oh well, how can I tell? Should I call the operator?
Or maybe she know the info
Or whether or not, if my message you got
Was too much or a lot to reply, why not try this for a fact
Or should you ever come back
I'd relax and be relieved of all my panic attacks
Well, did you get my message?
And did you get my message?
D-d-didja-didja-didja now
Did you get my message, yeah?
So, do do do do do do, you now
Do do do do do do
Did you get my message? The one that I left
While I was trying to condense everything that I meant
Now the moment is passed, not much sand in the glass
And I'm standing to lose my mind
Do you ever wonder what happens to the words that we send
Do they bend? Do they break from the flight that they take
And come back together again? With a whole new meaning
To the matter of our love's defense
Atleast be sympathetic to the time I spent
Did you get my message?
Oh, did you get my message?
D-d-didja-didja-didja now
Did you get my message, yeah?
Did you get my message?
No, I didn't hear a word, baby
Did you get my message?
No, I'm not gonna believe your lies anymore
Come on and answer the question now
I don't hear a thing from you and you keep sayin' you're callin'
Did you get the message, now? That I want to get back with you?
Did you get my message, love that I want to reconnect with you? No, no
Did you get the message, sugar, now?
I did not hear one thing, you say you sent to me
Why didn't you get my message?
Why don't you answer the phone?
