Justin%20Bieber
pop
Come they told me, pa rapa pum pum
A new born king to see, pa rapa pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring, pa rapa pum pum
To lay before the king, pa rapa pum pum
rapa pum pum
rapa pum pum
Rum pa pa pum rapa pum pum pum
Yeah I'm on the drum, yeah i'm on the snare drum
Yeah i'm on the beat, cuz the beat goes dumb
and I only spit heat cuz i'm playing for the sun
Playing for the king, playing for the title
I'm surprised you didn't hear this in the bible
I'm so tight I might go psycho, Christmas time so here's a recital
I'm so bad like Michael, I know i'm still young but I go, I go
Stupid, stupid, love like Cupid, Imma drummer boy so do it do it
Little baby, pa rapa pum pum
I am a poor boy too, pa rapa pum pum (lets gather round the mistletoe real quick)
I have no gifts to bring, pa rapa pum pum (matter of fack, lets gather round the fire place its 'bout to get hot in here!)
Thats fit to give our king, pa rapa pum pum (bieber what up? Yeah, yeah, yeah,yeah)
rapa pum pum
rapa pum pum
[Busta Rhymes]:
Now lemme get straight to it, yo.
At the table with the family, havin dinner,
Blackberry on our hip and then it gave a little flicker.
Then I took a look to see before it activates the ringer
came to realize my homie Bieber hit me on the Twitter
Then I hit him back despite I had some food up on my finger,
sippin' eggnog with a little sprinkle of vanilla,
even though it's kinda cold, pullin out a chinchilla,
Bieber hit me back and said, "Let's make it hot up in the winter."
I said "Cool." Ya know Imma deliver
let's collaborate and make the holiday a little bigger
Before we work I gotta get this off,
see the other family members and drop gifts off.
Then I'm headed to the studio cause ain't nothing stopping how
you know we bout to turn it up and really get it poppin now
People everywhere and all our Twitter followers,
"Merry Christmas, Kwanza, Happy Hanukkah!"
Mary nodded, pa rapa pum pum
The ox and lamb kept time, pa rapa pum pum
I played my drum for him, pa rapa pum pum
I played my best for him, pa rapa pum pum
rapa pum pum
rapa pum pum
If you wanna give, it's the time of year
JB on the beat, yeah yeah, I'm on the snare
It's crazy how some people say, say they don't care
when there's people on the street with no food, it's not fair
It's about time for you to act merrily
it's about time for you to give to charity
Rarely do people even wanna help at all
'cause they warm by the fire, getting toys and their dolls
Not thinking there's a family out hungry and cold
wishin' wishin' that they had somebody they could hold.
So I think some of you need to act bold
give a can to a drive, let's change the globe.
Imma Drummer Boy so do it do it
Imma Drummer Boy so do it do it
Imma Drummer Boy so do it do it
Imma Drummer Boy so do it do it
Imma Drummer Boy so do it do it
