The%20Killers
rock
You were standing with your girlfriends in the street.
Falling back on forever, I wonder what you came to be.
I was new in town, the boy with the eager eyes.
I never was a quitter, oblivious to school girls lies.
And when I look back on those neon nights,
The leather seat, the passage rite,
I feel the heat, I see the light
Miss Atomic Bomb, making out, we got the radio on,
You're gonna miss me when I'm gone,
You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
Racing shadows in the moonlight,
Through the desert on a hot night.
For a second there we'd won.
Yeah, we were innocent and young.
Oohhhhhhhhhhh,
Cast out of the night, you got a foolish heart.
So you took your place, but the fall
From grace was the hardest part.
It feels just like a dagger buried deep in your back,
You run for cover but you cant escape the second attack.
Your soul was innocent, you kissed him and she painted it black.
You should've seen your little face burning for love,
Holding on for your life.
All that I wanted was a little touch,
A little tenderness, the truth,
I didn't ask for much, no,
Talk about being in the wrong place
At the wrong time
Miss Atomic Bomb, making out, we got the radio on.
You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
Racing shadows in the moonlight,
Taking chances on a hot night.
And for a second there we'd won.
Yeah, we were innocent and young.
The dust cloud is settled and my eyes are clear.
But sometimes in dreams of impact I still hear
Miss Atomic Bomb.
Im standing here, sweat on my skin.
And this love that I've cradled,
It's wearing thin.
(Miss Atomic Bomb)
But I'm standing here, and youre too late.
(Youre gonna miss me when Im gone)
Your shockwave whispered
(Shockwave whispered)
And sealed your fate.
(It feels just like a dagger buried deep in your back)
Its a proving ground.
(You run for cover but you cant escape the second attack)
And you took a chance.
(Your soul was innocent, you kissed him and she painted it black)
On a losers game.
(You should've seen her little face burning for love
Miss Atomic Bomb,
Holding on for your life)
But you cant survive,
When you want it all.
(All that I wanted was a little touch)
Theres another side.
(A little tenderness, the truth, I didn't ask for much,
Talk about being in the wrong place at the wrong time.)
