Nicki%20Minaj
pop
[Nicki Minaj]
I fly with the stars in the skies,
I am no longer trying to survive,
I believe that life is a prize,
But to live doesn't mean you're alive.
Don't worry bout me, and who I fire
I get what I desire, it's my empire
And yes I call the shots, I am the umpire
I sprinkle holy water, upon the vampire (vampire)
In this very moment I'm king,
In this very moment I slay Goliath with a sling,
This very moment I bring
Put it on everything, that I will retire with the ring
And I will retire with the crown, Yes!
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed, Yes!
Clap for the heavyweight champ, Me!
But I couldn't do it all alone, We!
Young Money raised me, grew up out in Baisley
Southside Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy
cause I'm still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me
shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn't phase me
ain't being cocky we just vindicated, best believe that when we done
This moment will be syndicated, I don't know, this night just remind me of
everything that they deprived me of,
pppp-put ya drinks up, it's a celebration every time we link up
We done did everything they can think of
Greatness is what we on the brink of.
[Chorus]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
[Drake]
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, ugh!
What I tell 'em hoes, "Bow bow bow to me, drop down to ya knees,"
Young Money the Mafia that's where the love cease
I'm in The Dominican, Big Papi Ortiz
doin' target practice all these bitches just aiming to please
shout out to the CEO 500 degrees
shout out to the OVO red wings and Fatiques, awww
N*ggas wanna be friends how coincidental
This supposed to be ya'll year we ain't get the memo
A Young King, pay me in gold
40 got a bunch of weed he ain't even roll
These n*ggas be droppin' songs they ain't even cold
Weezy on top and that n*gga ain't even home, yet!
yeah, be very afraid these other rappers getting bodied and carried away
f-ck it me and Nicki Nick gettin' married today
And all you bitches that be hatin can catch a bouquet, Ooh,
yeah, you a star in my eyes, you and all them white girls party of five
are we drinking a lil more I can hardly decide
I can't believe we really made it I'm partly surprised, I swear
d*mn, this one for the books, man!
I swear this shit is as fun as it looks, man!
I'm really tryna make it more than what it is, cuz everybody dies but not everybody lives!
[Chorus]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
[Nick Minaj]
This is my moment, I waited all my life I can tell its time
drifting away I'm one with the sunsets, I have become alive.
[Chorus]
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
Cuz in this moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
I wish that I could have this moment for life, for life, for life
This is my moment I just feel so alive, alive, alive
