Drake
hiphop
[Drake]
Im the fuckin man, you dont get it do ya?
Type of money everybody acting like they knew ya
Go Uptown, New York City Biiitch
Some Spanish girls love me like Im Aventura
Tell Uncle Luke Im out in Miami too
Clubbing hard, Fuckin women aint much to do
Wrist blancpain, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still getting brain from a thang, aint shit changed
How you feel? how you feel? how you feel?
Twenty five sittin on 25 mil uhh
Im in the building and Im feeling myself
Rest in peace Mac Dre, Imma do it for the Bay, okay
Getting paid well holla wen ever that stop
My team good, we dont really need a mascot
Tell Tune light one, pass it like a relay
YMCMB you niggas more YMCA
Me, Freddie, Marley Marl at the cribbo
Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shout to Gibbo
We got Santa Margarita by the liter
She know even if im fuckin with her, I dont really need her
Aohhh, Thats how you feel man?
Thats really how you feel?
Cause the pimpin ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
I mean maybe she wont
Then again maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she know the deal,
Real nigga wassap
[Drake - Chorus]
Now she want a photo
You already know though
You only live once: thats the motto nigga YOLO
We bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin on the bench, nigga we dont really play
Every day, every day, f-ck what anybody say
Cant seem em cause the money in the way
Real nigga wassup?
[Lil Wayne]
One, time fuck one time
Im calling niggas out like the umpire
Seven, grams in the blunt
Almost drowned in her p-ssy so I swam to her butt
Its Eastside, we in this bitch
Wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch
And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
Thats my MO add a B to that shit
Im fucked up, torn down
Im twisted: door knob
Talk stupid, off with your head!
Nigga money talks and Mr Ed!
Im so Young Money got a drum on the gun
Energizer bunny
Funny how honey aint sweet like sugar
Aint shit sweet niggas on the street like hookers
I tongue kiss her other tongue
Skeet skeet skeet: water gun
Oh my God, Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi
[Drake - Chorus]
Now she want a photo
You already know though
You only live once: thats the motto nigga YOLO
We bout it every day, every day, every day
We sittin on the bench, nigga we dont really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Cant seem em cause the money in the way
real nigga wassup wassap wassap
[3rd Verse - Tyga]
T-raw skinny nigga big balls
Fuck around and get Drag. Ru Paul
You funny little nigga Duval
Out of this world Total Recall
Call a bitch ride the dick like her see saw
Something like a donkey, act a ass nigga hee-haw
Ridin round in the rarri wit the top off
While you in the window, man Im probably on my next car
Aight, Mighty duck with the ice on
Real L.A. nigga chucks with the gun drawn
Drawing on your face youre a clown jack in the box
Boy thats your bop, she my new pum pum star
Stars in the back
Them my homies, they dont act, acting brand new
Fuck her never call her back
Matt Forte got the bitch running back
Damn, Thats the motto you dont know its like that
[Hook - Drake]
