Jay-Z
hiphop
Uh-huh uh-huh, gi-gi gi-geyeah
Roc-a-Fella y'all, uh-huh uh-huh, Jigga
Timbaland shit, nine-eight BEYOTCH
Say what, say what? Uh-huh uh-huh, follow me beotch
Nigga what, nigga who?
Nigga what, nigga who?
Switcha flow, getcha dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe
Switcha flow, getcha dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe
Can't fuck with me
They ain't ready yet
Uh-huh uh-huh
Yeah, yeah
Motherfuckers wanna act loco, hit em wit, numerous
Shots with the fo'-fo'
Faggots runnin to the Po-Po's, smoke em like cocoa
Fuck rap, coke by the boatload
Fuck dat, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
Left holes through some guy clothes
Stop your bullshittin, glock with the full clip
Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip
See the nigga layin shocked when the bullet hit
And hey ma, how you, know niggaz wanna buy you
But see me I wanna Fuck for Free like Akinyele
Take this ride 'til you feel it inside ya belly
If it's tight get the K-Y Jelly
All night get you wide up inside the telly
Side to side, til you say Jay-Z you're too much for me
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
*Repeat 3X*
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin Z
Got a condo with nuttin' but condoms in it
The same place where the rhymes is invented
So all I do is rap and sex, imagine how I stroke
See how I was flowin on my last cassette?
Rapid-fire like I'm blastin a Tec, never jam though
Never get high, never run out of ammo
Niggaz hatin n shit cause I slayed your bitch
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick
And now you're, actin raw but you never had war
Don't know how to carry your hoe, wanna marry your hoe
Now she's mad at me, cause Your Majesty, just happened to be
A pimp with a tragedy
She wanted, us to end, cause I fucked her friend
She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again
I seen her tears as she busted in, I said, "Shit
There's a draft, shut the door bitch and come on in!"
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
*Repeat 3X*
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin Z
Gotta vendetta even though I been better
Left him in the cold with a thin sweater
Rap niggaz on Prozac get the bozack, niggaz threw
Two at me I threw fo' back, hold that
Let the dough stack, way before Biggs had the gold Ac'
Dame had the Lex black
Motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that
And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
I suggest that, niggaz invest, in a vest, when I come through
With the glock jet black, you niggaz step back
I'm the best at, you know I ain't no apprentice to this
Me and my niggaz we invented the shit
I came into the business with this, The Originator, none greater
Jaz-O finish this shit
Better learn, Jaz don't relax, stat ever heard of me?
Worldwide Originator, say word to me
The population holla certainly, I burn a nigga
Like a third degree, see me shine so bright
Nigga I'm my light, runnin, rulin' with rigor and vigor
Nobody bigger than me and my nigga Jigga
You fly-by-nights stop jerkin beef
Heavyweight's light work to me
For the time, in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin me
What? Cut a patient like surgery
Who the fuck got a VS, fuckin BM's on the road
When you had to be in bed at the PM
Need the info Jaz-O the CNN
Forever touchin my work is beginnin you're endin
Nigga your style's no style my style's high style
C'mon, faggot nigga gotta take the gun home
The O-R-I-G-I-N-A-T-O-R (can't FUCK with it can ya?!)
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
*Repeat 3X*
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin Z
* Repeat to fade *
Switcha flow, getcha dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe
Switcha flow, getcha dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-a-Fella shit doe
