Lucy%20Spraggan
indie
Last Night I told you I loved you,
Woke up blamed it on the Vodka.
I genuinely though I was dying,
And I could see that smile you were hiding.
Last night I told you I need you,
That was the last time I drank Tequila,
Super lemon and a sidekick sulking,
I start crying and verbally assulting,
Last Night I asked you to marry me,
That's when I remembered the Brandy,
I wake up and claim I didn't say it,
Screwed if I ever wake up in Vegas.
Wish I could stop, and I'm not joking,
I love drinking too much, and socially smoking,
Wish I could stop, start to behave,
And wake up in the morning and never miss a day again.
Last night police had to frisk me
in the cells, thanks to bells fine whiskey
whoops, think I said to much,
like do you like my bracelets? oh wait there handcuffs.
So last night I said I want your babies,
forgot that ice is much nicer than baileys
yuhhh, I drink that much
that I forget every embarrassing I say next
you said I got on one knee, and theres no way,
unless i'd been drinking oh wait rose
sailor jerry thinks I drunk a ship full
please, please someone provide me a dis' bro
Last Night I called you a loser,
I think that was after Flaming Zambuka,
I shouted at you "Do me a favour!"
That's when, I fell off the pavement.
Wish I could stop, and I'm not joking,
I love drinking too much, and socially smoking,
Wish I coud stop, start to behave,
And wake up in the morning and never miss a day again.
I'd love to learn when to shut my mouth,
Wake up in the morning and be in my own house,
Do one last shot and know when to stop,
No more photos on Facebook of me doing the robot.
Know when to leave and when to shut my front door,
Stop waking up and cheesing in a bed full of people,
Sitting in the cupboard with my weird Best Friend,
But I'm only young so I'm not going to pretend!
I wish I,
Could stop, and I'm not joking,
I love drinking too much, and socially smoking,
Don't wanna stop, or learn to behave,
Amen!
And hey, I'll just miss another day again!
