Game
hiphop
[the game]
L.A.X niggas... yeahhh...
Y'all know who the fuck I am...
I'm free as a motherfuckin' bird I swear,
Disappear in thin air, there go Game, nigga where?
Posted on the block in them black Airs,
In that all black Phantom, hug the block like a bear,
Yeah, that V12 is roarin',
Flyin' through the city with the pedal to the floor then -
I put them 26 inches on the curb, tell the hood I'm back,
Give me a corner - let me serve,
Swerve, I'm still dope that's my word,
All I did was the switch the kitchens,
Did some tracks on the birds...
Irv - Gotti know I'ma murderer,
Half these niggas beefin' with me,
I never heard of them,
If I was the old me I would murda them
Matter fact, if I was the old me - I would Curtis them,
[refrein] 2x
You look like you're in another world
But I can read your mind
How can you be so far away
Lying by my side
[Eminem]
I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see,
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, who share the same views
And the same exact beliefs, it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me, so many lives I
Touch, so much anger aimed, in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays, and straight
Through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and
Days, who would of thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide,
Reaching for a t-shirt to wear, that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this, how
Could I predict my words would have an impact like this, I must've struck a chord, with somebody
Up in the office, cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems, and now
They're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government, I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on...
[refrein] 2x
You look like you're in another world
But I can read your mind
How can you be so far away
Lying by my side
[the game]
Cos when the sun come up - from behind the sea,
Niggas see me behind the B,
E N T. don't stand for entertainment,
Stands for zero to sixty, anybody see where Game went?
To the hood, parked crooked behind that chained fence,
And I'm going down behind my dogs, but I ain't Vick!
Tell me one album I put out that ain't sick?
No I'm not the Doctor, but I produce the same shit!
[eminem]
Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown, Shady lose, Shady
Sits on the shelf, but Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimple's would help, make ladies swoon
Baby, {ooh baby}, look at my sales, let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that, but I could rap, so fuck school,
I'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at!
[Refrein] 4x
You look like you're in another world
But I can read your mind
How can you be so far away
Lying by my side
