Bliss%20N%20Eso
hiphop
(Interview)
What were some of the things you learned, or focused on to get, to get through to get by?
Just this idthis insane belief in my own ability to manifest things. Insane belief, you know that I think that its ultimately complete sanity But I believe that we are creators and I believe that we create with every thought, and every word is Every moment is pregnant with the next ?? of your life
(Eso)
Yeah
New outlook, new angle, new view
New channel, I surf the frontier
With extra with extra focus
My minds third eye reflects the opius
I see you, you see me
Thats one love, lets be free
Then paint the town
Red as roses
Sky high until the heavens open
I bleed for it
I cry for it
Im free falling
My minds orbit
Chase that dream but youre never gonna get it
So I live that dream 24/7
Im out there tryna kiss that sun
Reminiscing how kids have fun
Timeless you better watch this shit
And Find us where the clocks dont tick
(Chorus)
It's you, it's you, it's all for you
Everything I do
I tell you all the time
Heaven is a place on earth with you
Tell me all the things you want to do
(Bliss)
He sails and rides the tide
With a dream inside his mind
Blood orange moon illuminates the room
From a dark blue hue to a fiery sky
See the heights that he hovers
What a flight what a life full of wonder
Like when somehow those stars lined up
And he made the winning shot dropped right at the buzzer
He can do it because he knows the mission
He can paint the picture
He can hold the vision
Hes in full position with sonar thinking
He can hit those goals like a home in vision
So on a trip from the maritime
He makes it lift like a paraglide
And he soars to the heavens
Watching his whole world flip and shift for the paradigm
(Chorus)
It's you, it's you, it's all for you
Everything I do
I tell you all the time
Heaven is a place on earth with you
Tell me all the things you want to do
(Interview)
I think people need to believe in stuff. And I think you need to believe youre involved in something here. Believe this whole things your imagination. You know?
Like youre in charge. I gotta live my life that way.
(Eso)
Remember those games we used to play
Like you get one wish and chose your fate
Or a magic power you can have for hours
Thats what I wanna do today
But you made me begin to start
Thinking heaven is within the heart
But well miss it
Tryna grip the stars
Sky rich and fast
(Bliss)
Hes learned lessons, kept in his tale
Felt like they were etched into brail
He hammers anything yet to be nailed
Any mountain any wall thats yet to be scaled
There he goes, set to his trail
He wont step until the breath in him fails
In a boat that he built with the world in his hands
Space riding on destinys sail
(Chorus)
It's you, it's you, it's all for you
Everything I do
I tell you all the time
Heaven is a place on earth with you
Tell me all the things you want to do
(Interview)
So you just gotta keep going and look at this as a wonder, look at it as a trip. You Know. Just go on this trip and just look at all this stuff. Its fantastic. Youre actually here and you got a dream. You got to look at the dream as the actual thing.
Thats the fun part
And look at this time as a time where youre really, really having fun.
