Ed%20Sheeran
pop
I should ink my skin, with your name.
And take my passport out again,
and just replace it.
See I could do without a tan on my left hand,
where my fourth finger meets my knuckle.
And I should run you a hot bath, fill it up with bubbles.
'Cause maybe you're loveable,
and maybe you're my snowflake,
and your eyes turn from green to grey,
in the winter I'll hold you in a cold place.
And you should never cut your hair,
'cause I love the way you flick it off your shoulder, (mm)
And you will never know, just how beautiful you are to me,
but maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up.
And would you ever feel guilty? If you did the same to me.
Would you make me a cup of tea, to open my eyes in the right way?
And I know you love shrek, 'cause we've watched it twelve times.
But, maybe you're hoping for a fairy-tale too, and if your DVD breaks today,
You should've got a VCR, 'cause I'll never own the blu-ray, true say.
And I've always been shit at computer games, and your brother always beats me,
And if I lost, i'd go all cross and chuck all the controllers at the tv, and then you'd laugh at me,
and be asking me, if I'm going to be home next week,
and then you'd lie with me, 'till I fall asleep,
and flutter an eyelash on my cheek, between the sheets.
And you will never know, just how beautiful you are to me,
but maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up.
And I think you hate the smell of smoke,
you always try get me to stop,
You drink as much as me, and I get drunk alot,
So I take you to the beach, and walk along the sand,
And I'll make you a heart pendant, with a pebble held in my hand.
And I'll carve it like a necklace, so the heart falls where your chest is,
And now a piece of me, is a piece of the beach, and it falls just where it needs to be, and rests peacefully.
You just need to breathe, to feel my heart against yours now, against yours now.
'Cause maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up.
Well maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up,
I said maybe I fell in love, when you woke me up.
