Jay-Z
hiphop
Yeah
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude
But give a nigga some space
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude
Just give a nigga some space
Just tryin' to talk honey dog
I ain't got time to waste
(Check it)
Why is you over here lookin' at me
While all these girls up in here?
What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like Indian hair
Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here
I mean if you a fan I consider you fam'
But shake a nigga hand, but shit God damn
All that
("Do you remember me dawg?")
Nah I'm drawin' a blank
You got me feelin' like a fish, in a fish tank
Just think, if you came to a club
Tryin' to find a little hon for some one-night love
'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug
You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way
And kill the ice grill homes
'Coz I keep enough heat to melt that away
I came in some sweats, I came to get met
Tryin' to find a chick that make it hard for me to "Next!"
We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus
Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es
May I suggest that it's
A lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses
Go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn
Go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one
Quick question, yo, why you over here?
So many hoes in here
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there
It's so many hoes in here
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude, whyon'tcha disappear?
There's so many hoes in here
I understand you got issues but I really don't care
There's so many hoes in here
Yea, yea, yea, I know you rap and your sister spit too
You been callin' the office and you can't get through
I understand all that, but now ain't the time
I came to the club to get that off my mind
And all you thugs with your war stories startin' to bore me
I ain't tryin' to hear about your guts and glory
I'm tryin' to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore
And you keep talkin' over the beat like Clue
("Do you remember?")
Go find somethin' to do
You're a janitor, go find somethin' to screw
Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel
Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh
The chick came dressed up just to get messed up
She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up
Shit I'm tryin' to help her out
Whyon'tcha help me out and be out?
Quick question, yo, why you over here?
There's so many hoes in here
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there
It's so many hoes in here
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude, whyon'tcha disappear?
There's so many hoes in here
I know you got issues homie but I really don't care
There's so many hoes in here
Jeah, jeah, jeah
You're invadin' my space
You need to be easy
You're invadin' my space
You need to be easy
You're invadin' my space
You need to be easy
You're invadin' my space
C'mon dawg, be easy
I don't know why they do that
I don't understand
What you need to do, is
Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
C'mon dawg, stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Be easy
