Estelle
hiphop
Just another one champion sound
Yeah Estelle we 'bout to get down
Who the hottest in the world right now
Just touched down in London town
Bet they give me a pound
Better put the money in my hand right now
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A.
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy, American boy
He said, "Hey, sister, it's really, really nice to meet ya"
I just met this 5 foot 7 guy who's just my type
I like the way he's speaking, his confidence is peaking
Don't like his baggy jeans but I like the whats underneath them.
And no, I ain't been to MIA
I heard that Cali never rains and New York heart awaits
First let's see the West End, I'll show you to my best friend
I'm likin' this American boy, American boy
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go someday
Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A.
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy, American boy
lalalalalila (3x)
Can we get away this weekend? Take me to Broadway
Let's go shopping baby then we'll go to a Cafe
Let's go on the subway, take me to your hood
I never been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good
Dressed in all your fancy clothes
Sneakers looking fresh to death, I'm lovin' those shell toes
Walkin' that walk, talk that slick talk
I'm likin' this American boy, American boy
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A.
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy, American boy
who killin' em in the UK
everybody gonna say You K
reluctantly
most of this press dont f** with me
estelle once said to me cool down down
dont act like a fool now now
i always act a fool ow ow
aint nothng new now now
he crazy, i know what you thinking.
Ribena, I know what you're drinking .
rap singer, chain blinger
holla at the next chick while you blinking
whats your persona
about this americana
brama in my shadow
cause all my clothes designer
oh, dress smart like a London Bloke
and you thought his suit bespoke
look at this P Coat, tell me hes broke
and I know you're not into all that
i heard your lyrics, i feel your spirit
but i still talk that caassh
'cause a lot of wags wanna hear it
and Im feeling like Mike at his baddest
like the pips at they Gladys
and i know they love it,
so to hell with all that Rubbish
Would you be my love, my love?
Would you be mine
Would you be my love, my love?
could you be mine?
Could you be my love, my love?
oh
Would you be my American boy, American boy?
Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to Chicago, San Fransisco Bay
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy, American boy
(x2)
lalalalallila (3x)
